==General Rules: 
 
1. Dont make any fake projects also don't do any projects with Serbian accounts. 
2. Dont underbid to avoid project fees or just to catch clients attention and then offer him double price for the same project. 
3. You can't share any kind of info before accepting the project. You will not seek to communicate or receive/initiate payments off-site and will not request the upfront release of Milestone Payments before the work is delivered.  Dont share or accept any contact info as skype, linkedin, mail, phone, zoom, a link to a contact form or form requesting contact information. If the client require you have to decline and tell him its forbidden. If the client lured you out of the platform to discuss work, then decided to scam you, you won’t have any proof of your claims, you won't get your money, and you also risk suspension, since working outside the platform is a serious breach of platform rules. 
4. Work only with verified clients, avoid new accounts, they mostly make fake projects or a dispute or refund after project is completed. Work on the project you are sure you can complete, dont argue with clients and always respect them, most accounts get closed because of the client reports. 
5. Dont just copy/paste bids, update them for every project or a client. Also do not share any contact info in proposals or links that lead to some page with personal contact info. 
6. Try using Serbian time-zone while messaging with clients 
6. Answer this in chat: 3+6? 
7. If you have any dispute, notification or issue with the account, dont act on your hand and try to solve it yourself, let me know first before reaching out to supports. 
8. Do not login Gmail at your PC for safety reasons. You dont make any changes without me. Dont change any passwords without letting me know, dont login on second pc, dont make fake profiles (Freelancer, Upwork...) of any kind at my remote without asking me first.  
9. Always leave for example $10/$30+ on account for membership or some project fee. 
10. If you work hourly via Upwork App, you will open the Upwork Desktop App, which will send screenshots of your 
desktop randomly to the diary viewed by your client or Upwork so they could see anydesk. 
11. Also, pay attention on the number of connects you are spending. If you spend all connects and fail to land the job at the start of your Upwork career, the platform might review your profile and activity and suspend you after a conclusion that you are not the best fit for the platform. 
12. Do not exchange crypto money in any way! 
13. You will use account's payoneer account only to withdraw from upwork and forward to your payoneer account(you will not receive any money on payoneer that is not from upwork.com) 
14. Do not include any links in proposals( Dont include any website or anything you have built), you can send screenshots but without visible link to a website. 
15. When account is new you can send 2-3 proposals per day( AT MAXIMUM) and choose jobs carefully. That will increase over time but for first 2-3 weeks you should send as least proposals as possible. Once you get more jobs and completing them you can send more and more. If you send many proposals and dont get hired upwork will automaticaly suspend your account. 
16. Only 1 person should work on 1 upwork account, due to writting/chatting style, upwork can detect different writting styles. 
17. Don't send copy-paste propolsas to a job, for EVERY job, there should be unique proposal (This is the reason accounts are closed too) 
18. Be professional and friendly with the clients, if you have poor feedback your account will be suspended. 
19. Never ask for 5 Stars rating, clients should have freedom in rating you.  
20. Do not use any browser addon or any automation tool on the site. 
 
